=head1 NAME

Email::Enkoder - obfuscate email or html with randomized javascript

=head1 VERSION

version 0.000001

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 enkode_mail

Generates an obfuscated email link.

=head2 enkode

Generates obfuscated html out of arbitrary html.

=head1 HELPERS

=head2 enkoders

Returns the default enkoders used to obfuscate html.

=head2 js_wrap_quote

Takes a javascript string definition and wraps it to fit in a defined number of
columns.

=head2 js_wrap_quote

Takes a piece of javascript and quotes and escapes it for use as a string
definition.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Email-Enkoder>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/wchristian/email-enkoder>

  git clone https://github.com/wchristian/email-enkoder.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Christian Walde <walde.christian@googlemail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE


Christian Walde has dedicated the work to the Commons by waiving all of his
or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law and all related or
neighboring legal rights he or she had in the work, to the extent allowable by
law.

Works under CC0 do not require attribution. When citing the work, you should
not imply endorsement by the author.

